slice of life turned psycho path of life
normie to full knowledge in one journey

the most relatable thing? family? maybe coming from a mother, multiplication. duality.
setups, explanations, pitfalls, payoffs and subversions
logic and will of the mother creates child reality

indeed the base human drive is duality or the search for truth. the entire universe is a mixer for producing scenarios for existence to prove itself out of nonexistence. to see ourselves reflected in the world. When observed things are fully understood, they are the same as everything else and yet there is nothing like it. the paradox of the individual versus the group, duplicity. are you an individual or does society speak thru you. this is the mystery at the heart of every character that is never explained, not to themselves or  their drive is not revealed as logical or illogical, calculated or instinctual.

being written in python means this is being executed in a virtual machine so that it can run the same in any OS environment
the user is somehow connected to a neuro-actuated interface
but the truth is more wild than you can imagine
all the world governments are going to be affected by this technology so they are targeted by mass media
meme magic and chaos, the current situation of individualism creating individual powerlessness

After the breakout of COVID 19, one state in the union took the initiative to isolate themselves methodically.
A state of emergency turned into a shutdown, turned into a lockdown, into a quarantine.

one reveal that their city used to be a prison system
the state outside this prison complex is evacuated
in this city, with no federal government involvement,
the dominance structure remained, courts and corrections, even torture and interrogation
but the govt took a new face, they are using the old method to force a rule of nurture
prisoners granted some freedom and good amenities due to the efficiency of their self-sufficient labor
this prison accidentally developed an experimental governance style
of course, with something like this the façade is important
any criticism toward the govt is labelled as favoring the old prison system and disparaged
and the school is a grand irony amongst it all
the medical facilities too
there was a prison in this prison,
in its medical facility they experiment with patients in virtual realities
virtual reality technology is the key to the future

experience all bardo states with the VR


outline:
open game
studio title, ursina logo
menu object -  a 3d cube with a novel microbial civilization within,
each menu item is a separate section of the cube
Theatrical Intro: Intro credits with Music
Big floor bass like vogner or einstein on the beach, big suspended note
bring in the dreamy chromatic scale with harps and flute and vox
- vibe is a big mislead, at least in the beginning, starts slice of life and becomes epic
- Zen TV
- bresson or ozu on new game +, with horns

Phases & Chapters:
Each title precedes a section of script and marks an autosave point
0. Prologue: Beginning, BLANK,  End  (announced after getting off train)
1. Chapter 1: Beginning, BLANK, Break ,BLANK, End(after getting back the keypass)
2. Chapter 2: Beginning (spotted by police), BLANK (Made it to safety and watch self on TV), Break() ,BLANK, End
3.
4.
5.


REQUIREMENTS:
menu
  buttons, background Image
start Game
  one scene
    background
    characters
    dialogue
    font
    UI
win condition
exit


functions:
reset progress button
background menu changes with progress
colored text - names, characters, clues, docs, UI elements, clicks?
pauses
changing names
media player
character layer fade in/out , shake
stress reaction lines appearing and disappearing above people's heads
sound cues - technology, discovery
highlighted words - terms
flash color, fade in frame
opening
un-skippable dialogue?

dont front load with information
easy to understand, at every moment what is happening is clear,
what is coming is clear, and the purpose of what has happened so far is very clear.
unpredictability introduced very very slowly
telling stories


light

MC character profile:
a retired scumbag, a brick wall personality
sees everyone as peons
the funny thing is, compared to his skills, they really are.
has created a walled off temporary, hermetic, nomadic life
everything is disposable and nothing is permanent
current gig is delivering dirty and clean cars to lots for pickups
it is a pretty complex system of crime
he has done various other crimes, as we look deeper into the past there is something strange. From his Gang enforcer glory days into his young adulthood and childhood  he fades into obscurity , becomes less notorious and the tales about him grow absolutely fantastical. they say he fought a pack of wolves, they say he
MC is closed off. when things are tense he distracts with straight gags,
under overwhelming pressure he erases himself.
he learns to manifest the big inner hero
he is from the 90s, spent a lot of time in prisons, so he has to have everything political explained to him


open on brief flashes of looking out train window
field
MC sees his reflect facing then
tunnels
and just his reflection and images from his mind

fumaroles
natural nature effects
dispersion
sequestration
light on the sleepers face


barely opening my eyes
so still, almost feels as if...

train skreeches to a stop at the station

black
intro title?
PROLOGUE: Beginning
station
before daybreak, sleepy and quiet
an electric train arrives, a man with briefcase gets off
kid is waiting at platform
platform says 8min until connection arrives

kid alone at train station
opens backpack
sees note from mother
kid feels sick to his stomach

Open with architecture?

the crooked precinct. it's erected around me, wicked and sky-reaching
heavy steel, and loose wiring, and wriggling with bipedal flesh, and grime packed into the only habitable land for hundreds of kilometers
as far as arable land goes, there's none.
...
I can say that now that the world population is a measly 2 trillion. Most of whom lie in stasis.
Of the 1.75 billion that walk, 40,000,000 of them live here in Mehgharu


rain comes down on city
scenes of empty streets throughout

emphasis on particles and light

immediately it is clear that the kid is hiding from anyone going in the same direction
he is incredibly sussed every time anyone sees his face or if his bag is touched

he avoids cops like crazy taking longer routes

all the sign point to criminal

the guy from the train runs into him, we've seen him before but the kid hasn't,
passes him in some funny encounter maybe rides past him and see him do some insane trick,
whacks into him even or splashes water on him

has to open backpack and check electronics

PROLOGUE: BLANK
kid meets friend around back entrance of school,
pull open a broken wire fence to squeeze through
now clues point to school shooter bringing bomb to school

break into school early on a monday

build school

two watch the door while one paces waiting for the lo dealer
they set up the stuff in the room
as they are leaving they meet the teacher in the middle room, where they desperately need to do something to ensure the plan works (one last thing), between the hallway and the target room
the teacher has business inside the room
its an unfamiliar teacher
they both have an interest in things being kept in the room, but they both need to be in there alone to access it
the kid has to make up a story
the teacher susses out a lie and questions
then the other kid flips it on the teacher and reveals an inconsistency
but unexpectedly, the teacher has a convincing answer
now there is a climatic point where anything can happen

the teacher confiscates their stuff, they get it back, but they notice something missing...
the bad kid is silent, shaking. does not reveal what was taken
kid see some evidence left behind that very loosely connects the teacher to the man who was following him
teacher runs into principal on the way out
principal takes his identification
sets off metal detector but principal clears him

principal character profile: Good civilian guy,

BREAKPOINT
I might not look like a good guy. I'm certainly not, but despite not looking like a good guy or being one, I just proved am able to pass as one.
Temporarily perhaps; just long enough to leave but a cloud of dust.
Well, almost every other time would this be true.
In this particular instance I leave behind a source of a major headache in my future.
But first things first, I am due to fraternize with a contemptable crowd, one of individuals that could not pass as 'good guys' anymore than a starving peasant could pass as a king.

traveling segment
maybe subtle signs of being followed, at first known only to us.
then he has an inkling of a feeling, investigates, fails and questions himself

gets to slum govt housing
gets buzzed into a mid dealers place
aquarium
im in the appointment book
mid dealer okay with this theft bc it hurts his rivals sales and it stops child drug use, which he is personally against
for this reason he pays the best price for the goods

he welcomes MC back into town, how was the boss?
he begins to mention how following the dealer into school was a risky move,
//I leave out the details of how I brandished a gun in front of a group of kids, some of which were probably not criminals.
the confidence i had about the kids listening to my gag order was dwindling
turns out some of the kids did report that they were robbed of their stuff by an adult and the principal easily figures out who this is

mid dealer character profile:
hustle culture
strange facination with ____ fandom
talks about crypto
talks about silk road dealer that became rich off of bitcoin and fled the country
discusses lo fi dealer methods, vacuum sealing weed and shipping it using govt postal


whats wrong you used to love when we talked money!
asks for the keys back and mention the next car assignment

i am hastily led outside

another tailing sequence?


Return to the school after hours
1`

PROLOGUE: END

"Hhhhmmmm?"
Air breathlessly escapes my throat. I stir awake with a little more effort.
"Who's..?"
What am I responding to? I haven't heard even a sound.
I am instead being disturbed by a light penetrating the vision past my furrowing brow and crinkled nose.
The closed-eyelid patterns flicker in my vision. In them, dream-conscious multi-contextual objects become iridescent protracting blossoms of fire and spools of organic orange lace,
Those brats decided to wake me up today. Or maybe I left a screen on.
But the light does not have the warm saturation of sun, nor the sterile emissive glow of my devices.
This light... now that i am more fully aware and my vision focuses... the light looks very odd to me, and yet...
The light moves.
Fear immediately turns my toes cold and makes my back tense.
As shadows spin and stretch violently across the room, they wobble with the undeniable touch of life.
I can't get out of bed... Something is in this room with me.
The light, which has now dimmed slightly and wandered into the kitchen area, is coming from a living thing.

This shit is out of control. Aliens? CIA? A genuine religious experience?
I grab the Smith & Wesson 357 Magnum revolver from its spot under my bed.
Whatever it is, its going to feel the nasty lick of my favorite gas-powered cold-steel hand-cannon.
I grin.

I awake on the floor.

fuck. everything hurts.
hypothetical conjectures at the void. 'if i didnt have a goddamn body id be fine right now'
my body
i feel pain but i cant feel my body
something's wrong
i open my throat to... to what?.. cry for help?
I'm suffocating now

'''



I sit up in a panic and suddenly I'm okay.
I breathe deliberately and deeply for a few minutes, not so much out of tiredness as out of terror.
Do I need to go to the hospital?
I can't. I really should get checked out after... whatever just happened... but a hospital visit is really not an option for me at the moment.
Which reminds me,

I rob drug dealers
A prey without recourse. It's the perfect crime as far as I'm concerned.


sterile environments

It's like seeing a common landmark from a different angle for the first time.
I know, intimately, what I'm looking at... but I have not seen it in this world before.

sequence imagining prosecution to the fullest extent of the law and the monopoly of power held by the prison-military industrial complex
genetics
  nature vs nurture? Nurture is nature.
  Everything is nature!
  The way we raise our progeny is no conscious choice.
  We do not lay our eggs in the sand, for our babies to be born alone, and picked apart on their first assignment in the real world.
  Longest gestation period of any mammal, any animal...
  and it's only the first of many unique features of our brand of 'nurture'!
engineering
  Gauss,Blaise Pascal, euler, bernoulli
allegory of the cave
vow of silence
christianity as a commodification and contemporizing of human sacrifice.
making the pagan counterculture accessible to any society or individual.
in a village setting, your shame and sins and guilt is borne as a burden by your entire family and community before your pantheon.
redemption lies only through ceremony and tribute. Because of course it does. If nothing else, tradition is an exercise in human autonomy.
Human autonomy is a gift given to man by the Gods that is of the Gods' very nature. Spontaneity. Awareness. Creativity.
It is the last thing we want taken away, so if we were to request more fortune from the Gods in terms of food security or victory in battle, the obvious course of action is to heighten the atmosphere of the ceremony as much as possible through music, dance, drama, and at the climax: death and cannibalism.
Her idea of creativity granted to humans in the Gods own image might be putting the cart before the horse (or the egg before the chicken?) but I understand what she's saying.
Christianity is an exercise in taking the concept of human sacrifice bringing it to its conceptual limit of 'the largest possible sacrifice for the largest possible and making it symbolic and thus timeless, projecting thru time
nirguna

Reincarnation is the mind as a tabula rasa (John Locke) wherein that blank tablet is a moment in life that all beings have shared at birth and will share again at the point of death. In that way, the path out of this life simply leads back in.
that's slightly horrifying to be completely honest.


CCTV loops
